Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/onlyForUsers.md

> $onlyForUsers[usernames;errorMessage]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$onlyForUsers[usernames;...;errorMessage]
```

```

### Parameters 

> - `usernames` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The name's of the users that this command can be executed by. Separate the usernames using `;`.
> - `errorMessage` `(Type : String || Flag : Emptiable)` : The message that is returned when the command is used by a non-whitelisted user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `usernames` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The names of the users that can execute this command. Separate the usernames using `;`.
- `errorMessage` `(Type: String || Flag: Emptiable)`: The message that is returned when the command is used by a non-whitelisted user.
```
